<laugh>
[PERSON7] said that he would join us he has written me an hour ago, he is somewhere in the city centre, he's running in the University and she will have a very quick lunch so. On the minute which we were doing the dry run, for the one which we had nine minutes, and we evaluated it for the same meeting, so it gave so horrible results. <laugh>
So so, but [PERSON29] has today written to us that this he has some TDID based on summarize. So this is something we also noticed very early uh uh that the- these are some random words which are uh the usual word which we speak are occuring into the summarization of so this is the biggest drawback of meeting data which needs to be handled someway. It will not run as a parallel task parallel session it will be a part of the program. So if we if we cannot get the benefit of being integral part being in their proceedings then I would prefer interspeech uh <unintelligible>. (T) Yes, for that, so another date for sick dial is like uh the papers that would be submitted in our shared task would be reviewed by the program committee of sick dial and they do not guarantee that whoever our participants are we can like in like choose and invite that who would be presenting because. (O) Yeah thats okay, like I would not see that as a big problem, increasing the quality of the shared task paper is fine if there is enough time for the submission. (A) <unintelligible> all these yellow things like <unintelligible> committee members invited speakers uh submission process so. Empty marathons used to have this system or tool papers that were published as a special issue [PROJECT11] that was in the first year when that happened. And we even had a thing like if the paper was not good enough for the [PROJECT11]. So we have, even like said, your system or your tool is interesting. So the conference was in September, and the paper submission was in May.
(T) Was in May.
This time it was in July. (O) But what I 'm worried is that the timing of sick dial is equally bad as the interspeech special session. It is a rare thing that the test sets are updated, and also the training data. (O) So that means that the deadline for papers for their like. If we get accepted, we should try and and try to get accepted. (T) Mhm I think I think we should start to uh preparing for that. (O) Ah, it is a work that has, to, be started soon for the invited. But if we want to create our separate proceedings, afraid to do. And in the overview paper for the shared task, we are citing the interspeech paper and not the [PROJECT11] paper in the [PROJECT11] or proceedings. And if someone is not working on that, then he will have the deadline for our [PROJECT11] like I. 
I do not see any big problem there. (O) Yeah, but the one for interspeech is the preferred one, in our case. And uh, as the year said, that they would need at least one month, okay? (O) Sorry say, say again, 40, forty, four zero
(T) 240 euros. (O) And in that case, the institutional is better, probably because the institutional is, I assume, that the institutional is kind of like for five researchers and two students, or something like that, though. (T) So for a full member regular rate is one year, is sixty euros, and for a student member for one year, it is 20 euros
(O) Yeah so. (O) Yeah, so I, such as that, you email [PERSON96] and ask him, what is preferred for the department. And he would have an estimate like how many people potentially could take part in their speech. Ask for preffered type of membership give numbers to all estimate how much we will save waste by institutional one and [PERSON247] at [ORGANIZATION2].