Because wi- with [PERSON2], I remember that uh [PERSON2] also had uh some microphone issues at times. And that would be training uh of uh empty systems so that they do the shortening. But we should really have these systems uh ready for the upcoming sessions-

(PERSON5) Mhm. (PERSON1) And uh af- I've asked [PERSON9] because I've seen uh the uh [PROJECT3] project uh demo. But also I I looked at the at the tutorial from from-

(PERSON1) Mhm. So they pref-

So they process first K words as they as they get them into the input. So basically, it's much faster because you just generate one word at at a time. Uh, who uh uh like works halfway in Prague and halfway in Brno. (PERSON1) Yeah, so-

(PERSON6) (Probably) I will work it on tomorrow. Okay, so in the afternoon, for example, in in the Czech afternoon, you are able to to uh to do something. And uh t- uh like to uh to have a dry run of some past similar talks to ([PROJECT2]) (docs). (PERSON1) So even if we do the test of uh like the two concurrent uh subtitlings. It is basically that some videos are not getting some audios or videos are not really connected properly into a 16 (cave) format. Because I need to figure out which one is the one which is not uh getting passes with ASR. Because once I have the (WAB) file, I probably won't need to do convert. So every time we run this evaluation, it should be, uh, run from scratch. (PERSON3) And if we add some new files, I can see for that later. Uh so before you do, you cannot say whether it will work or or not. Uh so hopefully you will be able to uh like quickly get the numbers. But I'm also simplifying everything so that, uh, we won't have. And uh so I know that [PERSON6] is working on the [PROJECT1] test for the two domains. Uh the uh-

So I'm I'm hoping that you will be able to have uh the multiple uh custom dictionaries in the ASR system. (PERSON6) And so the performance of dix- (description) was exactly the same with the without uh adding these pronunciations in their dictionaries. (PERSON6) Uh so so it means that that (lace) should contain Watson. And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So the thing that I asked for is that you would have various versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed five times. If you remember, if he says this also with zet 20 times in the uh in the talk. And help with converting the dictionary that you emitted to that file. Or actually the same sentences, but spoken by but by uh different speakers. Uh, used to observe uh her more steep conversions, and uh now it uh um. Then there are some still some uh serious errors in the in the ASR output. And then reco- recognition for uh for the rest for around a 100 hours. We will do first test of this tomorrow at one uh Prague time. Uh and then we will, on Monday, decide which of the models to use. So you may be <unintelligible>

(PERSON3) Uh I have the scores, so that's why. Uh if not, then obviously we can uh fall back to uh the (rainbow). Because often for the files, like when I converted them even to the uh right format. (PERSON5) Yeah, but it does not support the the format, actually. Because because for most of the folders that I that I transcribe later. (PERSON5) Okay, be-

Because like-

(PERSON4) By by (Q summit) or. (PERSON5) Because like now, I think for my maybe half of the files it would be, you know, like totally wrong. (PERSON5) So I figured out that actually in the fi- in some of the files there is, you don't just hear the interpreter. (PERSON4) And we rather focus on [PERSON2]'s uh high quality on on the others. (PERSON6) So this is the format of dictionary that is used by the ASR. It probably will be the requirement of the uh tool [ORGANIZATION1]. So that can be <unintelligible> easily <unintelligible> problem <unintelligible>. And so there was there was very some phonemes that weren't (formatted) into the f- corresponding alphabet for names and uh. With this phoneme with two other words with both or or three other versions of that word with using these (three) phonemes. (PERSON6) <unintelligible>

I don't know the uh a pronunciation of any of these vowels. In which (word) uh did you find the this this uh a rotated A? Well, uh sorry [PERSON3], I need to uh go, because I have another main thing.