i'm not available on thursday and friday because i'm also not available on thursday and friday.
on thursday and friday i officially have a vacation.
i have something planned for thursday but it can be done on monday or - because i told [person8], [person8] set a deadline for us, for this, for today.
(person1) hm.
(person2) hm.
(person3).
(person4) i think this is ready for [person9] so that he can start searching for reviewers.
(person3) i think the first, first chapter is ok.
(person4) i think so.
(person4) i think so..
(person1) are we unintelligible>? (person6) it's not secret.
(person6) we can - we can - send him the whole thing and just tell him how it's unintelligible>.
(person3) and when exactly are we planning to send it to [person9]? (person4) sorry? (person3) so please, please bear in mind that i will send it or i will send you an email notification that i am sending it but please.
i don't know if i'll be here in the first and third week of july.
i'd like to submit the paper to [project11] but withdraw it because the reviews were not very, very good.
i'll rewrite the paper to [project11], to the deadline at the end of june.
(person6) we don't have a google calendar for [project12] right? (person6) second week is, uh huh -.
i think most of the deadlines shifted and nobody corrected it.
i think most of the deadlines shifted and nobody corrected it.
i'm taking vacation this week from thursday to friday and next week on wednesday..
(person4) i only - i only - i wanted to set meetings in some time.
(person4) next two tuesdays will, there will be meetings.
(person4) thirtieth we do have a meeting and the next week i am not here..
i think we have now won't lead into something publishable in two weeks.
i think we need several deadlines.
(person3) i think we need to s-, or, or wh-, what is actually the d-d-dead-, deadline for?.
the official deadline for the book was the end of june but i think now that it's  um, we will not make it so, um.
but i think that it can be postponed from, from the end of december to the end of january.
i dont know whether it can be postponed many more.
maybe it can but anyway if we postpone it we will not write so..
if we ask for the covid nineteen postpone then we could use the money.
if we have some new publication next year, i think we will get some money from other sources.
(person6) hm.
(person6) i don't know how they assess that..
i think we will make it somehow.
only thing is the book and, um, we have to spend all the money somehow.
next meeting would be july, oh, no, no, july thirteenth.
i'm still working on the attention, um, attention metrices and different patterns..
cnn's john sutter compares the results of a neural machine translation study.
sutter: "i don't know whether to, hm because it was some, it was some" sutter: "the balustrades are really, really sharp but, how to say it, not sharp".
(person4) i think it mostly comes from concentration of the distribution because in [project2], [project2] also something like balustrades.
(person4) i have also the blue on white, u-, you unintelligible> like bright - laugh> on black then i see those.
(person4) i think colors really negative unintelligible> sometimes..
the book is one hundred fifty-eight pages and we still don't have anything.
it's ok for a book to be one hundred fifty-eight pages.
it's a good book if you can concentrate the main message without the details..
the author has written twenty pages of text since he started writing.
he says he will concentrate on visualisations of embeddings.
he says he doesn't think he will be writing much about the new generative language models..
i think it will be easier to  if i just write them on slack and we will discuss it there because i have to run anyway.
up to component analysis it's almost there but, yeah, ok.
maybe don't.
i think there is a quite a big overleap or, um, i forgot what, what, what is, was..
(person4) hm.
(person6) i'm restruct-, restructured the section so now what should be definitely readable is like the structure.
titles of sections and basically the things that are there mostly should stay there or be made shorter maybe or rewritten a bit but kind of the contents that's there should be mostly there.
(person6) hm.
(person6) and there is some things missing which are not there yet..
"who is better", is, is, is a very bad title of the section.
in general, this is what should be there.
there is already quite a lot of syntax, actually..
i think i'm missing still some of the key papers that find syntax in there.
i have a section which is now called "semantics" and i'm really not absolutely sure which things belong into semantics.
i think so, but i can't see it now..
(person6) it's probably safer.
(person4) it's safer.
(person6) it's easier to unintelligible>.
(person6) everyone is unintelligible> but at least it's safer.
(person6) it's easier to unintelligible>.
(person6) it's easier to unintelligible>.
(person6) it's easier to unintelligible>.
(person6) it's safer.
i think we should have a section on morphology and syntax.
i think we should also have a section on the context section.
i think the last thing i really have is the effect of pre-training task.
but i think it belongs here because i mean whenever you have something that fits into something here, feel free to put it there..
(person3) hm.
(person6) i dont know if we can just copy paste our paper.
(person3) hm.
(person4) if it is ok, i will write him like the official.
(person9) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10).
(person4) hm.
(person4) i think we just remove the sentence level representations we decide nobody (wants) it.
(person6) hm.
(person4) i would like to send it maybe on thursday, so.
(person6) hm.
(person4) day..
i'm writing now survey mostly about syntax in, um, neural networks.
i'm using (mostly frozen) network and then probing it to find some syntactic information.
i don't really, i don't send it to [project1] - (person6) hm.
(person4) because i don't know if unintelligible> accept this kind of overviews..
machine translation and recurrent neura-, neural networks are very similar.
but machine translation and recurrent neura-, neural networks are very different..
i'm not very good at visualisations.
i'm fine with writing the text but there are not as many visualisations.
(person4) yeah, these are good.
(person6) hm.
(person4) fonts and - (person6) hm.
(person4) and - (person6) hm.
(person4) and - (person6) hm.
(person4) and - (person6) hm.
(person4) and - (person6) .
