ah, that tdid for keyboard extractor.
i think he will join us in about 20 minutes or such.
it is all says the task is very difficult.
(m) yes, not sure.
it is difficult..
meeting data gives you most commonly occurring words.
these are the most common occuring words which are occurring.
uh this unintelligible> these are the most common occuring words which usually we extract when we are doing summarization for meeting data..
if the timing is harsher or not any better than interspeech then it doesnt make sense to go for sick dial because the sick dial itself is earlier.
if the paper submission deadline for sick dial is earlier if its around the time as the submission deadline for uh for interspeech then there is no point in going for sick dial.
if the paper submission for sick dial is uh similar to what was our submission for the system outputs, then let lets do sick dial..
a'sick dial' paper is too bad to be published at the empty marathon.
'i personally would propose that we should have at least four months buffer time, where we did a dead thing at the deadlines we are able to choose'.
if we get into interest, that will be better for us.
if we get accepted, we should try and and and try to get accepted.
if we get accepted, we should try and and and try to get accepted..
interspeech is all about speech rights, says cnn's john sutter.
sutter: for me it is totally unrealizable work.
he says he's done empty marathons and there.
sutter: i think we should start to prepare for that..
if someone manages to submit their paper by the sick dial deadline, send it to [project11].
if they fail, we invite them to send it to [project11] and we will review it ourselves.
if you manage to have your paper ready by the interspeech deadline, send it as an interspeech paper..
cnn's john sutter talks with cnn's john sutter about the interspeech live event.
sutter: we have to commit the proposal for interspeech and unintelligible>.
sutter: the question is whether this would be sufficient for them, or whether they would need the institutional..
lz granderson: if you have the institutional one, you do not need that separate uh thing.
lz: if you have the institutional one, you do not need that separate uh thing.
lz: if you have the institutional one, you do not need that separate uh thing.
lz: if you have the institutional one, you do not need that separate uh thing..
