the transcripts for the german subti- subti- user study are al- almost done.
one uh one transcriber of germany is working on it.
she wants to do it alone until december the tenth.
(person4) mhm.
(person5) mhm.
(person6) mhm.
(person7) mhm.
(person8) mhm.
(person9) mhm.
(person9) mhm.
(.
cnn's john sutter has asked uh machine translation to do shortening.
sutter has added the transcripts for the first 30 parts.
but for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong.
sutter has also asked uh machine translation to do offline subtitling..
uh- are the subtitles which are created for the hearing impaired so uh there is like natural shortening in the data.
and uh we would uh uh w- like put this into the architecture.
(person5) mhm.
(person5) yeah, uh.
it could be quite easy to implement the shortening in this in this model as well..
the only other possible candidate would be [person12] from uh, the [project5] project.
so i don't want to uh uh like uh defocus him too much.
i think that [person6] should uh just like, click, uhm other_yawn> click on to s- s- s- some buttons.
and get the uh, uh vocabulary..
i'm a bit afraid that the (mayborl) probably won't be prepared till tomorrow.
i'll be working on the monday similar model as well.
(person6) mhm.
(person1) without domain adaptation, it would be useful test..
mhm has been working on uh adaptation uh for the two domains.
mhm will test uh time for two concurrent sessions.
mhm will use (arc) plus black uh bird..
some videos are not getting some audios or videos are not really connected properly into a 16 (cave) format.
so uh i am a uh facing some issues with some audio.
and i have to do that manually if that doesn't happen..
cnn's john sutter talks to cnn's mike sutter about evaluating asr.
sutter says the problem is uh known, common.
sutter says he's unsure if he'll be able to do it all the time..
i'm running on the uh in the problems of conversion of the of the file formats.
i'm also simplifying everything so that, uh, we won't have to rely on someone else.
i will send you the numbers as soon as you have any numbers.
please send them to me..
cnn's john sutter talks with cnn's john sutter on monday.
sutter is working on a test for multiple uh dictionaries in the asr system.
uh, uh, which of the asr systems should be used and which of the vocabulary should be used..
the uh international phonetic alphabet is uh uh uh that uh (cmu) knows.
uh in this way, he sent me the phonemes, and i added them in my dictionary.
the model that i develop with my manual uh pronunciations is slightly better than these models..
if the person uh s- says this also with zet 20 times in the uh in the talk, then you will have the very ends in pronunciation.
uh, please stay on this call and figure out jointly how to use that dictionary.
one thing that will be still needed is the language model substitute.
but all these words uh should be like the known words..
i'm training uh german asr that may be used for uh for uh time stamping.
i'm not sure uh how uh good it will be because i'm training it on (liberty speech) the uh uh actual training set uh contains only around 300 hours..
i think it would be good if you too would like split it among yourselves.
we will do first test of this tomorrow at one uh prague time.
we can still move monday to tuesday, but tuesday is already the ([project2]) day..
uh, the uh on monday s- and we need at least two numbers to compare.
get one number the baselines now and the uh on monday s- and uh on monday s- uh, uh on monday s- and i'll take care of it again.
(person3) right now, one is from [organization1].
one what we use for our monday seminars.
that's new..
the (rainbow empty models) had better scores than the (summer) set of workers.
(rainbow workers) had better scores than the (summer) set of workers.
(person6) unintelligible> (person6]..
for some folders, the output is like totally terrible.
it may be caused by the speaker.
maybe he doesn't speak clearly.
if you want to inspect it, then l- listen to the to the source audio.
and you will see w- when it is right..
i'm not sure how to uh how to convert them properly, because (f f m p g) just returns the error for those files.
for most of the folders that i that i transcribe later.
there is this problem that basically the length is incorrect.
i think that the uh best thing right now would be basically to throw away everything.
and to and to run everything in parallel..
in some of the files there is, you don't just hear the interpreter.
but you also hear the person saying something in english in the background.
(person4) yeah.
(person5) everywhere.
that's the thing, everywhere.
(person4) yeah.
(person5) so if it does work now, then okay.
(person4) or you- (person5) okay, i will just try how it works and i will see..
the first one is the word and the next is the pronunciation of the word.
(person6) there are curly brackets uh around first and the last for me with (w b) in there.
(person6) uh.
first one is also available on there.
and there is a uh i (under) which can be unintelligible> easily unintelligible>..
i'm afraid that when i will be processing this list of graphemes to phonemes to graphemes so probably there will be some issues regarding the such phonemes.
i can uh take a look at the.
(person6) mhm.
(person2) i found some dictionary.
(person6) mhm.
(person6) there was an- another as well, but (by a tree).
don't remember which one was it exactly.
(save).
send another one.
cnn's john sutter is trying to figure out which phonemes are near and which are far apart.
sutter is trying to figure out which phonemes are near and which are far apart.
sutter is trying to figure out which phonemes are near and which are far apart.
sutter is trying to figure out which phonemes are near and which are far apart..
if you can convert these (ipas) to the alphabet phonemes, that would be great.
(person6) yes, yeah, the (cmus)..
