(person4) i'm - i'm compiling the client now myself to test the ebclient.
(person9) i will, uh, i will take care of it.
(person9) i'm not sure, i have one from [person7] here, but no, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it.
czech authorities are in a gap of the czech law.
they really take it as a temporary solution.
it would be better for us and better for the project if you decided to take it as an opportunity and not as a, as a negative duty..
i believe that the [organization3] is still closed, isn't it? i'm, i'm, i'm, i fear that the same situation is for [location2].
i think that you at the moment, you cannot apply simply because the [organization3] is closed, isn't it? (person6) so, keep checking and as soon as you can apply for visa, then please go for it..
i have no messages from [person5] since last thursday.
i think [person5] raises issues, new and new issues.
(person9) we can definitely raise that on the thursday call.
(person3) yeah, yeah, now it's better..
(person3) or three months ago, i was read, i was not reading, but i skimmed through the paper on the (blue) and if i understood correctly, they were basically training a model to do the evaluation.
(person4) yes, the metric, right? (person9) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) hm.
(person10) h.
i'm really, like always s– sceptical to these machine-learned evaluation methods, right? because they might be sensitive to domain shift and, and such.
but i'm thinking that, that it might be implemented into the pipeline somehow, but i don't know exactly how we can add it or include it right now.
i think if we take the pretrain model and fine–tune it during training it might be useful for this kind of distinguishing..
blue doesn't capture semantic similarity because it's just using the surface forms.
but it can be used to guarantee that the paraphrase or the alternative sentence does not straight– stray away from the original meaning too far.
(person9) yeah, yeah, yeah, we can talk, talk about it, or consider it later..
