Hello [PERSON3] can (PERSON1) hear us?
Not very specific (PERSON2) wanted to thank (PION9) for preparing this Google forms for alignment annotations.
That what the participants of meeting have to do very quickly is participants of the meeting HAVE to set up the website now.
(PERSON1) is not very experienced with those technologies.
The website should have the content like, ah the call for participations.
Like but the participants meeting have to write about the call for participation.
Of course the participants of meeting will comment on that yes.
[PERSON1] will share with both of (PERSON9) a e-mail for that of participants the meeting will resending to people the participants of meeting the know and participants meeting the want the t
(PERSON9) don't kno [PERSON9] dont have any [SSUMMARIZATION] connections in this summarization field.
And ah like And then participants of meeting can invite more people based on how many papers the participants of the meeting are getting okay?
[ORGANIZATION1] only participants of meeting can have two or more than three or four people.
(PERSON1) think this can be done easily
(PERSON1) don't know, but [PERSON4] told that today Google doesn't work.
(PERSON9) have mail professor [PERSON5], (PION9) guess.
(PERSON9) was looking at, into some challenges of for last year and their websites.
Because, (PERSON1) know, like usually in workshop like the participants meeting used to have a big organizing committee and some people are from.
(PERSON1) that it is challenging since why [PERSON1] was very much unsure about making workshop that (PASTER9) manage it.
And also a bit on writing the paper for that but (PERSON9) did not, like share task (pERSON9) guess it there is too many things that the participants of meeting need to take care of.
And the thing is like for us full legit workshop the participants the meeting don't have content.
Yes and (PERSON1) believe, like if to make it a workshop participants of meeting definitely need at least one or two people who have a background in summarization.
[PERSON4] is optimistic about how it is it is possible to make a scientific workshop the participants meeting need invited speakers and articles on the topic.
At the satellite event maybe Right right, that's the exact word. not call it a workshop.
And for the like speakers also like participants of the meeting have invite some for the input.
No they did answer, but they said they were very busy.
If participants of the meeting could have reached out to some early career people that would have been great from summarization.
(PERSON1) is going to ask him to be part of program committee.
[PERSON1] nger, say.
But feel [ORGANIZATION2] is, organizer, meaning it does not make sense, like someone from [ORGIZATION1], right?
(PERSON1) do not know who could have this talk.