(PERSON3) Hi.
Hello.
(PERSON8) Hi, hi.
Uh.
<unintelligible/> 
(PERSON9) Hello.
(PERSON3) Uh.
(PERSON8) Hi [PERSON9].
(PERSON3) I'll keep making you uh all co-hosts.
As well.
So that you can present then.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
Uh huh, only co-hosts may present, yes?
(PERSON3) Well uhm.
Uhm maybe there is other-
Allow to record <unintelligible/> yeah.
Uh so well.
So I don't know what-
(PERSON8) Actually I also wanted to ask uh the resulting uh recordings.
Uh where can I find them?
(PERSON3) Yes, that's a pro-
Uh-
(PERSON8) <unintelligible/> 
(PERSON3) They are still in my account.
So uh I don't know whether I should give you password for my account.
Or better uh I I need to send you the t--
If you search for uh Zoom and [PERSON10].
Then you would locate the-
Or uh or you are on the list Výuka, right?
(PERSON8) Yes.
Uh.
(PERSON3) So that that was uh-
I think you can simply apply.
And they will create an account.
A Zoom account for you.
(PERSON8) So many-
<laugh/>
Uh. 
[PERSON10] really has written a lot.
But.
That license Zoom in September.
(PERSON3) Hm.
(PERSON8) Zoom accounts.
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
<unintelligible/> definite. 
When it was, in spring somewhere?
(PERSON3) Uh. 
No, it was uh this autumn.
It's recent. 
(PERSON8) I have something like uh license Zoom, but.
Yeah, maybe maybe I have it. 
Yeah, maybe I have it. 
I think I have it. 
Well, okay.
I will try to to do it. 
But if I have my license, when I have my license.
I will be able to go to your account and to download your links?
Your recordings?
(PERSON3) No, I c- I think I can share them with you on the uh uh so uh-
(PERSON8) Uh huh.
(PERSON3) If I send you the shared uh link, is that sufficient?
Or uh.
Well. 
(PERSON8) Uh I think once you have shared with me something and it was sufficient.
Maybe-
(PERSON3) Sufficient, okay.
(PERSON8) Maybe try it now.
Maybe I already have it but-
<laugh/>
(PERSON3) Yes, I'll try to go to my account, recordings.
There is quite a few of those.
And-
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) I guess actually it's a number of them.
M- also this uh search tech tech recordings.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
Well.
<other_yawn/>
Download to file.
I'll probably s- uh I'll probably just download them all.
So I've I've shared one with you.
Uhm. 
Are we still waiting for others?
Where where are they?
(PERSON8) Yes, we are just three, I don't know. 
Maybe.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) Linked somewhere else?
I don't know.
So [PERSON6] is not here.
Uh.
(PERSON9) Should we remind them that we are doing-
(PERSON3) Yes.
(PERSON9) In the new Zoom link?
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Maybe, maybe.
(PERSON3) Yes that's perfect.
(PERSON8) [PERSON9], could you write them please?
<unintelligible/> 
Mhm.
(PERSON9) Yeah, yeah.
I will do that.
(PERSON3) So [PERSON8], you have processed one of the files uh in the to be processed by [PERSON8], right?
Uh I think that wa-
(PERSON8) Yes.
Mhm.
(PERSON3) Yeah, okay.
Uh.
So. 
But the question is which I- 
(PERSON8) It was the last remote.
Yes, it is already processed.
(PERSON3) Uh and where can I see?
So.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Uh.
So that I can delete it?
That's the question.
So where can I find it uh uh uh processed?
So is w- uh is-
(PERSON8) In the corpus. 
You can-
So-
Where is the [PROJECT1] remote meeting.
(PERSON3) Uh uh <unintelligible/> uh.
(PERSON8) And.
(PERSON3) Uh [PROJECT1] minuting.
[PROJECT1] minuting corpus.
Uh original recordings.
No no no.
(PERSON8) No no no.
It's s- small letters.
I don't know-
(PERSON3) Letters.
Yeah yeah.
Yes.
Small letters, English.
And then [PROJECT1].
(PERSON8) [PROJECT1] remote. 
(PERSON3) Remote, uh yeah.
(PERSON8) And did the last one was uh <unintelligible/>
(PERSON3) Fourth of November.
(PERSON8) Oh, fourth November, yes.
(PERSON3) Yeah, okay.
Great. 
(PERSON8) You just wanted to control.
(PERSON3) I just wanted d- double check, yes.
So I'm deleting it.
(PERSON8) Yeah, mhm.
(PERSON3) Uh now.
Here.
So delete the old one.
(PERSON8) Double check, yeah. 
(PERSON3) Delete selected. 
Yes. 
And.
I'll now do the easiest thing.
I'll probably s-
Yeah, so is it it does happen.
Uh that some of the files are too short.
Because people connect before uh the call. 
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON3) And they disconnect and that makes a separate recording.
(PERSON8) Yes, it happens frequently.
I'm used to that.
I'm just uh de- d- deleting.
I I I will delete the uh short files.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
Yeah.
Hi, [PERSON6].
I see that you're here great.
(PERSON8) Hi.
Well actually, when we are four we c- we can begin.
Discussing the evaluation, because everyone did do that.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
(PERSON8) He considered that that it had no sense that we can easily begin to do that.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
So, let's uh let's start.
And I have uh time only until two sharp.
Uh and I'll follow-
(PERSON9) Me too. 
(PERSON3) Mhm so please uh share the screen with me.
And like discuss what these uh uh I'll I'll just uh keep listening.
(PERSON8) Uh, well.
I think that we uh maybe we will start discussing uh uh eva- the uh evaluation beginning from minutes zero two and I will share the screen.
With the uh alignment.
Uh so uh so I will uh do the following things.
Maybe it will uh be easier then.
Uh so-
(PERSON9) And and [PERSON8] I would-
[PERSON8] I would propose that uh like we would specifically be critical of every minute.
And try to uh note down the disadvantages that are there.
Or the shortcomings in each of the meetings.
(PERSON8) Yes.
Uh uh the question is how we do that.
If we write it down.
If I write it down.
(PERSON9) I uh let me let me write it down.
I will write down in my notebook.
And then I will like make a summary and uh-
(PERSON8) Yes.
Thank you very much.
Because when I'm sharing the screen, it would be kind of complicated to write down at the same time.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
I will do that.
I will do that.
(PERSON8) Thank you very much.
I will also make some notes uh on on the paper.
But if you can do that uh uh thank you very much.
(PERSON9) Yeah, yeah.
I will do that.
(PERSON8) I cannot I cannot share the screen, [PERSON3].
(PERSON3) Uh oh.
Yeah.
(PERSON8) Enable participant screen sharing.
(PERSON3) That's strange.
Uh s-
S- uh uh okay I see.
So I made you co-host.
But somehow it was lost.
I don't know.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
I'll try it.
(PERSON3) Yes.
(PERSON8) Okay, it now it's possible.
Mhm.
(PERSON3) Yeah yeah.
(PERSON8) Uh, so.
Can you see the screen now?
(PERSON3) Yes.
(PERSON8) Uh perfect.
And now I uh here we have the transcript.
And I open the minutes zero two now.
And uh I would like to ask s- some of you for example [PERSON9].
Find uh start with uh the uh uh saying advantas- advantages and disadvantages for them.
And we will uh then see or uh s-
So here are the minutes, [PERSON3] if you uh.
(PERSON3) Hm.
(PERSON8) And here is the transcript.
Uhm. 
But uh this is on my screen uh so you uh cannot uh.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON9) Okay.
So uh as per my as uh per my like <unintelligible/> evaluation goals.
Meetings minute two is detailed.
Uh and uh it is also uh grouped as per topics that we uh agreed in our last meeting uh that they should be like that.
Uh and uh-
But I uh think uh for starting uh for starting topics it was uh done in a greater detail.
For example, the ISWLT presentation.
So I thought some of the information were uh could be uh uh could uh could not appear in the mi- mi- minutes.
Those are not that much required.
And uh I also found that some uhm uhm like uh some instances for correctness.
I don't know w- where was the power outage happened.
Does did it happen at [ORGANIZATION4]?
Or did it happen at uh [ORGANIZATION7]?
So from uh-
(PERSON3) The the power outage was actually planned.
Uh and it uh one uh power outage at kad- kad- i- [ORGANIZATION7].
And and another was planned at [ORGANIZATION4].
So it <laugh/>.
(PERSON9) Okay.
Okay.
So uh from the from the uh minutes it appear that the power power of this happened at uh [ORGANIZATION7].
And uh because of that uh uh and and and uh and because of that uh.
There were some precautions to be taken for the uh for the next.
Uhm meeting.
Uh meeting.
And uh then I found a small uh like uh maybe spelling mistake.
So it was internal <unintelligible/> which should be <unintelligible/>. 
And uh uh again an- another inconsistency that I found.
I don't know if it's characterized.
Uh like uh in the in the uh m- minute it was said update to their workers.
But I think-
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) Like we uh the idea was to replicate the system uh at cross various sites.
And uh like prevent any update to the system.
Uh two weeks before the demo.
So that uh those are uh those are not uh like inconsistent doing the actual demo.
So yeah.
So th- this could be some factual inconsistencies.
Uh as far the original transcript.
Other ways the minutes is detailed.
Sometimes too much detailed.
But okay.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) So here we have to come with something like.
Uh like in summarization. 
The rule of thumb is your summary should be uh less than 50% of the actual document.
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
(PERSON9) So, it's a rule of thumb.
Yeah.
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
Yes.
(PERSON9) So uh here we have to come to that decision what should we like the constrained for the maximum length of the uh minutes. 
(PERSON8) Uh, well I think that this is not just problem with the length.
But uh the length combined with inconsistencies.
Because uh later we would have uh other minutes that are more detailed.
But more str- but better structured.
And better understood transcript.
And then we d- 
I didn't have the impression of uh to of uh unnecessary details.
Because there were also kinda a lot of amount uh uh big amount of details.
But they were consistent.
And uh they seemed to be mo- much more relevant.
So it's really-
So I I think each uh special uh feature if if each- each special uh uh each special feature of the minute uh is important.
But they begin to be uh more uh drastic uh uh uh when they play together.
So then uh when the minutes is very short.
And incorrect.
It's much worse than it is just short but correct.
Or or or maybe ifs they're long but incorrect.
It's better than they're short and incorrect.
Because sometimes they kind of uh match some details.
Uh but otherwise, yes.
Yes yes, it's very it's very important with this length. 
Did you finish or do you have any other uh?
(PERSON9) Yeah, yeah.
So I think this is the uh like <unintelligible/> evaluation.
Uh from my end.
(PERSON8) Yes. 
Mhm.
(PERSON9) Mhm.
(PERSON8) Uh maybe [PERSON6], could you continue?
Uh I will I probably be the third one in this case.
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) Yeah, so uh-
(PERSON8) I can see you.
It's very very very very uh uh-
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> 
(PERSON8) Uh huh.
We can't see.
Uh uh uh you're very very silent.
(PERSON6) Uh, actually.
In my hometown and I did not bring my <unintelligible/>.
So let me login through my phone.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON8) [PERSON6], I can't hear you.
I don't know what what about all of you uh .
[PERSON3], uh and and.
[PERSON9], can you hear [PERSON6]?
(PERSON9) No, it's very-
(PERSON3) No, no. 
Uh [PERSON6], can you can you- 
Are you using Windows?
Or uh what what system are you using?
[PERSON6]? 
Are you still here? 
(PERSON8) I think [PERSON6] will uh uh now repeat with uh-
(PERSON3) Reconnect?
Reconnect with one more device.
Pr-
<unintelligible/> does that.
S- she she is using the computer now.
And she is badly audible.
And she will reconnect with her iPhone.
(PERSON3) Yeah. 
(PERSON8) I hope. 
Anyway, maybe in uh the meanwhile I will I may say my evaluations.
(PERSON9) Mhm, yes.
Please.
(PERSON8) What I noticed different from other minutes here is that she uh kind of summarized it twice.
So first, it was summarization like objectives of the meetings. 
Here.
And she listed uh uh almost uh consequently so the annotator listed almost cons- consequently the five main topics.
And then these topics were uh once more uh d- more uh uh more uh more uh were uh summarized in more detail in the <unintelligible/>.
So actually uh this was a problem when aligning.
Because either I align these five sentences to the whole transcript.
Or I align these separate sentences with uh with the whole transcript.
And when I did it, I kind of uh combined the alignment, because sometim-
But I understand the very very subjectivity of such alignment.
So-
(PERSON3) Yeah, so the-
(PERSON8) Just-
Mhm-
(PERSON3) W- like the question is whether we do want to allow many to many alignments.
Because if we do allow many to many align-
(PERSON8) Uh now it doesn't-
Now it is not allowed.
Because uh the tool doesn't allow it allow that.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
So if we if we want to, we could allow it.
And then there would not be any problem.
You would have like for the first uh summary.
The choosing the new dates or whatever.
Uh that uh that single line in the summary will me mapped to the whole thing.
And then when there is the details about this choosing of the new dates.
You would be aligning individual lines there.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON3) So <unintelligible/>-
(PERSON8) Yeah, technically it's all decidable.
Just I noticed that-
So these case was just in this minutes.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) That it was summarized twice.
But it can happen in real minutes, of course.
So I do not I do not expect that automatically recreated minutes-
(PERSON3) Will have that.
(PERSON8) Will be like that.
(PERSON3) But they they they could have that.
I'magine they w- we would have <unintelligible/> that would say how much do we want to summarize it.
And we would first run with the uh like tightened knob.
And then and then less so tight.
(PERSON8) Yes.
Yes.
(PERSON3) Uh that uh and f- from the very uninformed person.
It actually helped me.
Uh to to read first read this high level summary and then the details.
Uh but uh yeah.
I'll I'll I don't want to stop your evaluation.
(PERSON8) Yes.
Definitely it helps.
Uh uh or I uh agree.
It helped also me by uh when I uh evaluated it.
Because the list that follows is uh really looks kind of messy in some uh as- as- aspects.
Especially it was near the uh annotator did not understand all the points.
For example, she didn't understand that uh uh we were discussing deliverables.
And reviews to all deliverab- 
So she didn't put together all the deliverables that were discussed. 
Because they were discussed some NLP report uh and who does the review for that report.
And then w- other topics for an- uh uh for- f- from f- for each the reviews wer-
Uh uh searched.
And she didn't put that together.
S- sh- so she didn't understand it.
It is clear from the minutes that she didn't understand it.
And uh so generally uh the detailed part uh contains a number of uh contentual mistakes.
Uh but otherwise. 
It is detailed and structures structured.
And many many sentences that are included are correct and important. 
So did- 
From my point of view it was uh uh just uh uh uh find it somewhere just a moment where I have it. 
Uh.
Uh.
Mhm.
Okay I will find it later.
After uh uh [PERSON6]'s presentation. 
(PERSON6) Yeah.
Uh can you hear me now?
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON6) Is it is it audible?
Yes.
(PERSON8) Thank you.
Mhm.
(PERSON6) Uh yeah.
So uh I logged in from my phone.
Okay so.
Uh uhm uh the uh weakness which I found uh in this presentation.
There are uh some sentence which are incomplete.
Uh for example I would uh like to refer to uh the sentence like <unintelligible/> features working on.
So what features are we talking about.
And what are we go- gonna work on, like.
So it is not clear <unintelligible/> syntax <unintelligible/> 
(PERSON3) [PERSON6], could you could you speak slower?
Because uh your phone is self-muting uh itself.
And like uh uh y- yo- your sp-
If you speak slower, it will be uh uh uh it will be much easier to understand.
(PERSON6) Okay.
Okay.
So uh uh the uh I uh uh actually uh the minute is at a lack the correctness, maybe?
Uh if I call that.
Uh so some sentences are uh incomplete.
If you refer to sentence like uh implemented features.
And now working on. 
Uh in the minute, can you just uh?
(PERSON3) <unintelligible/> features and now working on. 
Yes.
The last part of the details.
(PERSON6) Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Uh.
So i- uh uh so it is not clear actually uh wha-
Uh we are talk- talking about.
Which features.
Which features are we talking about.
(PERSON3) Well-
These are the features.
The regular testing, uh.
The log dirs, uh.
It's actually log, and not lock.
But that's uh okay <laugh/>.
(PERSON6) So, i- uh.
So uh uh from the sentence uh it is it is not uh clear I felt like that.
If you read the sentence.
Uh it it will uh not be clear uh that uh uh.
What are the features we are talking about.
And uh what is uh someone working on.
So what we working on right now?
So it is only return that now working on.
So I felt like this is an incomplete sentence.
Uh which uh s- something uh something is missing.
And then uh.
Uh there uh uh the topics are all seems to be cau- seem to be covered here.
Uh.
And uhm.
Uh <unintelligible/> is also is captured.
Thought it is seeming to be a good minute.
Uh.
And uhm.
But there are uh actually some grammatical mistakes.
Uh and uh some uh as I mentioned that some sentences are uh not making a sense.
Uh they're not complete.
Uh I also saw one more sentence uh which had grammatical mistake.
And it is uh uh so-
Uh.
Yeah, I think experience with demo. 
Yeah.
Uh. 
Mhm.
(PERSON3) So if if I may comment.
Uhm.
(PERSON6) Uh huh.
(PERSON3) So uh.
Uh uh well.
Thanks to all for uh for uh their work.
And their their observations.
Uhm.
I think that uh uh for example.
Dwelling on the grammatical mistakes uh would be w- the wrong idea.
I think that if we were to distinguish the different meetings.
The grammaticality would be among the last criterions.
Uh of importance.
Uh for uh for the application.
Uhm.
So uh uh we should uh focus on uh uh the information preservation.
And like-
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON3) Whether it is understandable.
And it's interesting how we all will differ in uh what we find understandable.
And not understandable.
So well.
I was at the meeting obviously.
Uh but uh implemented features and now working on.
For me this is sufficient.
And clear.
Because <laugh/> I had the background knowledge.
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
You know which features.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON3) I know which features.
And I know that we're discussing the features which are already implemented.
And the features which are still not implemented.
(PERSON8) So when you look at the <unintelligible/> you like it.
(PERSON3) So uh, yes, I'm I'm happy with this sentence uh.
Uh with this half-sentence.
(PERSON8) Generally meeting.
Generally, the whole minute.
(PERSON3) Uh well I haven't read it in in the full detail.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON3) I'll I de- I definitely like the uh summary at the top.
And I uh s- uh then for the uh for the details.
Uh.
Mhm-
(PERSON8) So the question is-
(PERSON3) There is some there is some hierarchy uh in that.
Which is great.
And obviously the meeting was not as structured as uh uh as we would like it to to be.
So the annotator did uh fairly good job.
Given the uh the messy input.
(PERSON8) Yes, definitely.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON8) Just a quick question.
Uh in the general uh general summary on uh on on the top.
Choosing new dates to give to the project officer.
Would you uh uh-
Uh.
Would you not consider it to be too general?
(PERSON3) Uh.
I-
Uh.
I would.
Uh except that maybe the dates were not uh-
(PERSON8) So the date of what uh kind of someth-
Something like-
So this is probably the one thing in this general thing that.
(PERSON3) It's actually missing in the details.
I think there is no detailed uh uh-
(PERSON8) Detailed descrip-
Because it was not really clear.
Who is the-
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) So uh in in in the meeting itself, it was-
It was just said once.
But everybody considered it to to be important.
And in al- al- almost in all meeting it's somehow written.
(PERSON3) <unintelligible/> new date.
(PERSON8) But it was one sentence.
(PERSON3) And I see okay.
It's because <unintelligible/> postponed till September.
And I see more people finally vote it.
So.
So maybe-
Oh, we have [ORGANIZATION6], we have [PERSON7].
So maybe there's a chance to pick a date.
I know what has been happening there.
So it was just a reminder for everybody to fill the Doodle poll.
(PERSON8) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's yeah.
(PERSON6) And one more sentence.
Uh if you can see uh in discussing how the presentation will be carried out.
Uh there is a sentence in that.
Uh the video will display the demo of the system live subtitling chosen video.
So is that sentence making a sense to uh you?
Because it does not making a sense to me maybe.
(PERSON3) Uh yeah.
It is fully correct for me.
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON6) <laugh/> 
Okay.
So I have that video, but I I I cannot recall-
(PERSON3) The the v-
So the uh uh the it's hard to parse.
Uh the the video will uh show uh-
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON3) So the video will contain a demo.
Of the system.
As it is doing live subtitling of some other chosen video.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON3) So it is it is perfect.
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON3) Except that is uh it's very complicated.
Uh because uh.
Yeah.
(PERSON8) Well.
Uh.
I really like uh like listening to that.
Because when I was doing the evaluations.
I game came to the idea that it is very important that the <another_language/> is in the topic or out of the topic.
And but now I see one more aspect.
That it also important for the reader.
If the reader is in topic or not in topic.
So <laugh/> it's really hard-
(PERSON6) Yes.
Yes. 
(PERSON8) Okay.
So let's go father.
I ca- uh uh.
I uh uh suggest that we move-
(PERSON9) So I think I think the important uh thing that comes out from the discussion is like who is the audience who will read-
(PERSON6) Yes, mhm.
(PERSON8) Yes, definitely. 
Definitely.
This is uh m- 
But uh uh this is uh unfortunately it's different.
Uh uh first.
So from very aspects it's different.
So uh real minutes are also prepared for uh for different purposes.
Uh so sometimes they are made for something somebody who hasn't been at the meeting.
Sometimes for himself.
Sometimes for the group who was who were attending the minutes the meetings.
And also our data are constructed like that.
But even if they if we take s- just one group.
And uh even if it has just one uh m- purpose.
It still may not reach this purpose.
So as in the [ORGANIZATION1] data uh uh they uh uh kind of make minutes for people who haven't been at the meeting.
Kind of also.
But they don't reach this purpose.
So the people-
So we do not really understand in many many case what they didn't what they did.
So it's really-
Uh uh we understand the purpose.
So we understand this differences.
But we cannot uh uh but we cannot make it-
(PERSON3) M- make it happen achieve them.
(PERSON8) We can uh we can't really achieve them so easily.
Let's move to the next one.
So we don't have so many so much time.
Uh we are just uh at the first one.
Uh minutes zero three. 
Uh [PERSON9] could you say something to that?
(PERSON9) Uh.
Just a second. 
Okay.
Uh.
(PERSON8) I ha-
(PERSON9) So, yeah.
So according-
Yes.
So according to me.
Uh the minutes was too short.
Uh it was kind of abstractive.
Uh the minute was not exhaustive.
But although it touched the importance of things that were discussed.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON6) So I I the minute you know.
And I found lots of mistakes of me-
<laugh/>
When I was evaluating it.
(PERSON9) So I-
So yeah.
So th- this is just uh my evaluation.
So it was although it touched uh on the majority of the topics.
But it was not exhaustive.
And it was not informative.
And it was uh and it was done from an abstracted point of view.
And it was too short.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
So uh I also wanted this case what idea I ha- I had in my mind.
When I was making it.
So I had that w- what if we look after some time like one or two months.
And we get to know.
Okay, what was what were the key points what were discussed.
And what does need to be done.
So I uh thought that and made that these points.
But now when I was evaluating.
So I came to uh the uh the point like uh there there s- few things that were discussed are still missing here.
And uh w- w- when I eva- 
So it it actually uh differs from the perspective uh when you evaluate.
So.
(PERSON3) So I have one observation here.
This uh summary is also like two steps uh.
Like t- t- two levels.
There is the line may- main points of the discussion.
Uh and uh that lists the high level summary.
And then there are details to these to this high level summary.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON3) So it's also two level uh thing.
Uh uh we just uh it's just formatted differently.
So you do not realize it's uh like that.
And uh it's much much shorter than the previous uh summary.
Uh but at the same-
I see uh some errors.
For example, that the people don't know uh that IWSLT is spelled one way or another, that's uh okay.
That was also in the previous one.
When when reading the minutes you have to uh be uh very flexible.
With respect to the precise uh wording.
Uh also uh there here is a mistake like project officer needs to be doodled new dates.
That is very ambiguous with respect like who has to learn what or on or whether he has to uh.
But uh uh.
There is uh at least some indication that some dates of the review are uh are needed.
Uh.
So that was uh correctly captured.
Uh and the thing is that this message is is readable.
And uh f- f- 
In retrospect, uh uh like when wh- depending on the purpose of the meeting.
When you come to this uh uh purpose of the minutes.
When you come to this, you realize we were discussing the dates.
And then you can figure out from the transcript uh what exact- what exactly was said.
Or you can ask uh uh uh people.
So this uh m- this summary serves the purpose.
Uh uh for uh both from people from the outside and people uh in the uh in the uh mhm in the meeting itself.
And and [PERSON6] you also mentioned uh that we should come back to these meetings after a few months.
This is what happened this is what is happening to me at the moment.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON3) This is after few months of of that meeting.
And uh I fully understand all the details.
I cannot speak about completeness.
So f- if I was given only this short summary, I would never be sure if if it contained everything we discussed.
But what it uh uh mentions.
I uh uh <unintelligible/> documents and reviewer-
And I know what that means.
Uh so uh I know this that this is for example this is hard for you to interpret.
Dealing with deliverables by shared [ORGANIZATION2] documents and reviewer.
What is this and reviewer?
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON3) So I know-
(PERSON6) Yeah, so-
(PERSON3) I know what-
(PERSON6) Yes.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
[PERSON8] and I were discussing it the other day.
That this line is actually uh not making a the correctness is not delivered in the sentence.
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON6) So it is not seeming to be complete.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON6) So what kind of deliver- deliverables and what kind uh who are the reviewers?
So the reviewers are some- someone in the project.
I remember from the meeting.
And so uh uh for the deliverables.
I I you uh mentioned uh reviewers.
So it is talking about that.
But the sentence is not making sense here.
Actually.
(PERSON3) So the sentence would be understandable to someone who has read the full transcript.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
Yes.
(PERSON3) Uh.
And uh or someone uh who was at the meeting, obviously. 
Uh but it would not be understandable uh uh to someone external.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON3) And I'm also thinking like uh uh [PERSON11] in his e-mail today.
He said that if we are going for these uh short bulleted points.
Then we can easily achieve them with existing methods.
So uh I uh [PERSON11] please do so.
Please please c- could you run some of these methods on this particular transcript.
And give us the uh uh the b- bullet points or keywords that that it would extract for you?
Please do so.
This is uh this you should have done that uh uh already by yourself.
Uh uh so that we could see that type of automatic uh meeting uh summary baseline. 
So if if it's easy then please do it. 
Uh so [PERSON11] are you on the call?
(PERSON11) Yes.
<other_yawn/>
I mean it's definitely much more easier than the other way around.
But uh yes.
I will just have to look around.
And make sure and see-
(PERSON3) Yeah. 
Please please do it do it even-
(PERSON11) <unintelligible/> best way.
(PERSON3) Yeah, please do it w- within a week.
Uh or or less.
Bif it's uh like if if you j- if you can run one of your existent modals, please do so.
We want to see these outputs as well.
They will be radically different from the human summaries.
And we want to see in which way they are like uh acceptable.
And in which ways-
(PERSON11) Uh huh.
There was-
There won't be significant difference from the summaries that I saw.
There will be just-
(PERSON3) Then show me.
I I want to see them.
I really want to see them.
(PERSON11) Yes.
They they they should be bullet points <unintelligible/> that we that- 
<unintelligible/> 
(PERSON3) I'm really curious about uh it.
If that is the case.
Then yes, that's that's perfect.
Let's let's run them.
For the share task.
And uh yeah.
Maybe they will score great.
So it's uh uh yeah.
(PERSON8) Maybe if we are here at the discussing the difference between crea- uh bullet points created by by humans and created by uh automatic system.
Let's compare uh uh minutes zero five.
(PERSON3) Okay.
(PERSON8) Look at zero uh zero five.
And le- then minutes zero nine.
(PERSON3) Okay.
(PERSON8) So let's see uh minute zero-
(PERSON3) Let's do let's do five.
Yeah, so who can walk us through-
(PERSON8) I'm opening five.
Uh so uh.
I consider uh-
So I uh-
So my evaluation of of these minutes are probably the best.
Because-
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON8) Uh I uh as I as uh I looked at uh the uh relative uh-
So uh I uh uh it's the amount of data and the correctness of data from the point of view of the content.
And how uh uh-
Sorry.
(PERSON3) <laugh/>
(PERSON8) Uh uh uh it's my class with piano.
<unintelligible/> 
Just a moment.
<another_language/>
(PERSON3) [PERSON8] you have to uh-
(PERSON8) Uh, sorry.
(PERSON3) Yeah, you have to you have to quit your Skype application.
Otherwise there is a risk that the uh uh it will still call you on uh on this machine.
I had that conflict as well.
So just quit Skype.
(PERSON8) Uh.
Who knows how to do that.
Anyway, uh uh probably they will call by Whatsapp, so-
<laugh/>
(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah, okay that's <laugh/>.
(PERSON8) Just my son has a piano class.
<laugh/>
The piano from this room.
Because of this.
(PERSON3) In minutes minutes 5 there is also this double uh uh-
(PERSON8) Yes, yes.
This is assured.
Yes, yes.
This is assured.
But-
(PERSON3) There is a top level summary anyway.
(PERSON8) Uh well the difference is that uh-
Okay.
And uh uh I did want to-
Uh yes, there is often this that short line.
But in that case w-
Just uh.
Uh.
S-
Uh anyway-
I don't-
So technical details.
Let's not do that now.
But let's look at the detailed uh minutes now.
And uh uh.
So uh uh I considered it the most understood.
So I considered that the annotator understood the content.
And at the same time gave quite a lot of practical information inside in- into into the minutes.
So I was really able to understand what was going on as not being a participant with the meeting.
Uh uh uh it was clear.
And the decisions were kind of put together with the information.
Not just a list of decisions.
But it was given uh the topic and the decision matched to that topic.
Uh so for me.
As a human, not participant of the meeting-
(PERSON9) Uh-
[PERSON8]-
(PERSON8) Mhm?
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/>
Meeting eight?
(PERSON3) Five.
(PERSON8) Fi-, five. 
Meeting five.
(PERSON6) Okay.
(PERSON9) Five, okay.
(PERSON8) Five.
(PERSON9) But [PERSON8] you also mention about meeting nine.
Is that-
(PERSON8) Uh after that.
(PERSON3) After after the one.
So now five.
And then nine.
(PERSON8) Now we're doing five.
Now we are doing five.
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) Mhm.
(PERSON8) So this is my evaluation.
Please uh say somebody something.
Maybe uh [PERSON6].
Could you gave- give your evaluation?
(PERSON6) Yes, so uh the same sentence we were looking at the other meeting.
Uh here also the postpone review.
So doodle with voting for a new date.
Uh possible to decide already now. 
So uh.
So this is uh also seeming not to make uh much sense.
As in the last last minute as well.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON6) Uh so-
(PERSON3) Well.
I I yeah.
It totally makes sense to me.
I fully understand it.
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
(PERSON3) I absolutely-
Yeah.
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
S-
Okay.
So uh yeah.
So yeah.
Though I know that okay-
You were supposed to doodle new dates because of postponing uh to the to the uh to the officer.
Uh and you ask uh [PERSON4] for that.
So I remember uh what was the conversation.
So uh but I- uh the sentence is not making uh much sense.
And uh thought it is it is covering almost everything.
Uh all it is readable.
And uh it is seeming to be uh much informative.
And it is uh uh clear what uh is exactly derived in the entire meeting.
And uh.
Uh the the drawbacks which I felt uh were uh.
Uh they were uh some uh as I said that uh they were some sentence- like the last sentence.
To send IWSLT findings PDF to partners.
Uh.
So.
(PERSON3) Perfect to me.
I would not fix anything.
To send the PDF of IWSLT findings.
Yeah.
It's. 
Uh.
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) Okay.
So y- 
Yeah.
So uh I I don't know uh the PDF uh of the finding uh.
Like-
(PERSON3) The finding is acish- actually was capital F.
So that's the result.
That's the report with the-
(PERSON6) Uh huh.
(PERSON3) With all the findings.
So that's the background knowledge that I have.
(PERSON6) Okay.
Mhm.
So I did not have that.
<unintelligible/>
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) Mhm.
And [PERSON9]?
(PERSON9) Yeah.
I felt the meeting too was uh like on topic.
And uh it did a fair amount of job to uh summarize what has been discussed.
And uh like some uh uh some the discussion like for example why uh you need to extend the project.
So uh.
Uh that discussion was like is missing for this. 
Uh.
Yeah, like I find extension of the project.
So uh why are we uh like asking for extension?
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON9) So that review uh was uh definitely discussed in the transcript.
In the meeting-
(PERSON8) Yes.
Mhm.
(PERSON9) But from there it is not coming up clear.
(PERSON8) Yes.
Mhm.
(PERSON6) But I think it was not finalized, was it?
Uh I think because of COVID.
Uh [PERSON3] mentioned in that meeting.
But was it finalized?
(PERSON9) Yeah, [PERSON3] men-
No, it was not finalized.
But-
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON9) At least one mention of COVID-
(PERSON8) Yes, it was mentioned.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON3) But it is not mentioned in the minutes.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Yes, it could be mentioned.
I also thought about this.
Mhm.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/>
Mhm.
But even uh it was not decided for the months as well.
So somebody said six months we can extend.
Somebody said-
So [PERSON3] said two to three months only I can only maybe uh uh extend it.
So they all uh discussed that.
So it was also not decided toward three months.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) So I think I think this comment would have been easily resolved. 
Like if the annotator would have written <unintelligible/> extension of the project due to COVID.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON9) So with this phrase.
Uh this-
This comment would have been <unintelligible/>-
(PERSON6) Yes, yes.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON9) And else, I too find that like uh.
To some extent uh this sounds very uh like-
The way we would like to see a minute-
Also, there are some some very minor mistakes.
Like it is written Bibtech, it should be like uh BibTeX <unintelligible/>. 
I I'm familiar with uh this thing.
It might be that the annotator is not uh familiar.
And.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON9) Yeah, this is my evaluation.
So it it is really good.
(PERSON8) Yeah, thank you for that.
And I also think that this-
Uh uh-
Using these minutes, I tried to think about measures.
And about uh which criteria I use.
And I uh realized that these minutes are good from the point of view of correctness.
So the statements are mostly correct.
Up to uh uh uh except of these very minor things we have uh note- we have mentioned now.
They they are relevant.
So they are mo- put to the topic.
Uh uh uh uh most information from the transcript is covered.
But so this coverage is here very important.
It is readable for me as not participants of the meeting.
It was it could be also kind of criticized in by other meetings minutes we have looked at now.
That they're not readable for for uh everybody.
And they're also informative.
This is also kinda uh uh good point for this and for motiv-
Because if we compare-
If we take uh uh other good summary.
For example that one uh that coherent one minute minute four.
By [PERSON11].
They're also correct.
Relevant.
Uh uh and readable.
And the difference is in informativeness.
So it's uh uh-
So this is just my considerations about measurements. 
So when I-
So uh looking at the comparing these minutes I tried to thou- th- think about uh criteria I could evaluate them.
And this uh this was my ideas of correctness, relevance, coverage, readability and informativeness. 
Uh.
So uh thank you. 
And let's now look at zero nine. 
Uh what do you think about zero nine?
So.
[PERSON9]?
(PERSON9) Uh.
Uh.
So are we skipping some minutes in between maybe?
(PERSON8) Yes, zero nine. 
Now zero nine.
(PERSON3) Yes.
Skip skip to skip to zero nine.
(PERSON9) Okay.
Just a second.
Yeah.
So I found that uh the meeting is not informative.
For uh for for for a certain participant.
Whe- was not in the meeting.
Because there were too many empty elements.
That was uhm not comprehensible.
And uh uh then uh.
Some information was not correct.
As far as far the understanding of the transcript.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) And.
Uh. 
Yeah.
So b- uh uh as we discussed it the grammaticality does n- doesn't very play a very important role.
It should come at uh last.
So from that extent it is okay.
But there are uh.
Uh like uh to a person who was not there in the meeting.
Uh it is not informative <unintelligible/> correctness question.
<unintelligible/>
It also boils down.
So uh.
Yeah. 
So.
M- that's my evaluation for this.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
Thank you.
Uh may I ask maybe [PERSON3] what do you think about that?
(PERSON3) Yeah.
Yeah I totally agree.
So this uh this summary is is as from all that I have seen so far the worst one.
Uh because it is not uh uh structured according to the topics.
Uh it is not like restructured.
The meeting was messy.
But many of the minutes were successfully recovering the uh uh hierarchical structure from that.
And uh this one doesn't recover it.
This one is like more sequential.
And the statements are uh uh abbreviated uh in uh in a way which sometimes obscures the the meaning.
Uh.
Uh like picking the best system.
Uh. 
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON3) You don't know whether uh the system was picked or whether it was discussed how to pick the best system.
I'm I'm sure that there was much- more d- details on on this in the in uh the transcript.
Uh before.
(PERSON8) You don't know which system.
(PERSON3) Yeah, you d-
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So uh d- this is like key words or selected words from the corresponding span of of the transcript.
Without actually understanding what has happened in the discussion.
(PERSON8) So this is-
Yes.
This is could be something that would come the system <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON3) Yes, exactly.
(PERSON8) So probably.
So I really included this minute.
The I uh as the first one.
This is very strange annotator.
Here uh but.
But I don't want to give him away totally, because he's constantly like a step between automat and-
(PERSON3) Yes, yes, exactly.
I think it's <unintelligible/>-
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) <laugh/> creation.
(PERSON3) Half a robot <laugh/>
(PERSON8) Yes.
And really definitely say him I don't want him.
Because sometimes I really want to see something like example of badly badly created minutes.
And I especially asked him to do that.
(PERSON3) <laugh/>
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
Asked him to do that badly <laugh/>
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON8) Especially for our evaluations.
I gave him the meetings.
So that uh so that we have this downfall.
Uh so I think that when [PERSON11] comes with something uh uh bullet points we can compare it compare it also to that. 
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON8) <unintelligible/> just uh yes.
Just.
(PERSON3) There are also errors here.
Like must have-
(PERSON8) A lot of.
(PERSON3) Replicate components.
Across the site. 
It's actually across the sites. 
So uh uh across the multiple. 
And and then changes the meaning of that message.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON3) So uh that's why I'm like it it it's a small thing.
It's a typo missing plural indication.
But it actually affects the meaning.
So that's why I'm picking it up.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) And also some spelling mistakes, like submitions.
You can see.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
Yeah. 
(PERSON6) Bibtech as well.
<laugh/>
Again.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON8) So this is something that I didn't understand myself.
Uh a website has been created from Bibtech.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
<laugh/>
What does that mean?
(PERSON3) I can't relate. 
Can't relate that.
But that has actually uh-
It m- has a messa-
Uh uh it has a meaning.
So I ca- can imagine that a website would be created from some Bibtech file.
But I doubt that this was uh discussed-
(PERSON8) You didn't told that.
No you didn't sa-
(PERSON6) No uh the discussion was actually about that uh we are supposed to uh collect all the uh r- references in one uh at one place.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON6) And t- uh uh we were discussing the uh place where to keep them.
And [PERSON3] mentioned that Bib- uh uh w- whether we should keep that in BibTeX formator something like that.
So.
The collection format was discussed.
And uh it is mentioned that all that site was created and <unintelligible/>.
It doesn't make any sense. 
(PERSON3) Uh.
Oh.
Well.
Someone says that, actually. 
(PERSON6) Uh huh.
(PERSON3) So if you search for the word website in the transcript.
Then who who is that? 
Uh so will <unintelligible/> remember that in <unintelligible/> such as you've asked us for BibTech entry <unintelligible/>.
And I don't know what he did that with <unintelligible/>. 
So <unintelligible/>.
Okay, so I created the website from BibTech which was okay. 
Uh uh there was some style <unintelligible/> but then we had to put <unintelligible/> ended up.
Yep yep yep yep.
So I now know what is happening.
Uh it it was me talking to [PERSON2] on the call.
And uh i- yes.
The the statement in the summary which says a website has been created from BibTech.
That is actually to- true statement.
But such a web- 
It was a webpage, not a website.
But never- never mind.
[PERSON2] said website.
Uh and uh it was for one of the past projects.
So it is like uh saying that yes.
Uh yes it's technically possible.
We did it in the past.
Or [PERSON2] did it in the past.
Uh t- he he created a website uh from BibTech.
But it's not related.
So the uh.
The coreference or the under- understanding of the relation of the uh of the entities in this sentence.
The website and and the BibTech.
These are totally badly assigned uh when a person reads the summary now.
So if you read the summary now and you read website has been created from BibTech.
You would assume that for this project some webpage was created from BibTech entries.
And that's not the case.
The way uh the way it was uh discussed here website is that okay so I created the website from BibTech which was okay.
There was yeah. 
So that's a maybe it's not uh understandable from uh from the transcript.
Maybe it's understandable only from the uh uh from the uh sound and maybe not even that.
Uh that uh it's two different per- people.
And I'm asking [PERSON2] about his way of handling the publications.
And he said yes.
We collected BibTeX.
And I created a web uh page from uh those.
And that worked.
And then he goes on which is the more important message.
Uh that uh it was difficult to enter these details then to the <unintelligible/> system.
So the uh the this is uh so this uh <other_yawn/> uh summary has picked up random point.
Which is of the lowest uh uh priority here.
Of the lowest importance.
And it forgot some more important points.
So uh that is something also like I don't know like-
It's not out of proportion, but unbalanced uh-
Let's call it unbalanced summarization?
(PERSON8) But interesting that a human being has created it.
So it- 
He really somehow overlooked what is important is important and what is not important.
He has created a list of something.
So it's really uh uh interesting to compare it with something automatically created.
Criteria of uh uh that are being catched or not being catched by the by the program.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
So ideally I would imagine that there is some like uh hierarchy of uh-
That there is uh a set of pieces of information.
And there is hierarchic of importance in these.
In the ideal platonic world.
And if if the reader is able to understand the uh the the transcript so that uh they assign this importance to to each of these pieces of information.
Then you can like select the size of the uh of the summary.
And include uh the top scoring uh pieces of information into that uh summary.
But this is the ideal world.
And it is not possible.
Very often it is not possible to extract this uh this level of importance.
In the uh f- from the transcript or from the recording.
I ca- I can understand that even a human would not be able to to identify that.
Uh this uh remark that he created a website it's uh it's uh it's not important.
And the fact that it was a lot of work to convert the BibTech to this uh is more important for for this particular project.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
Yeah.
Uh okay.
Thank you.
Maybe we can shortly look at one more minute.
Minute zero eight. 
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON8) Uh so uh I would just give a little uh uh theoretical introduction.
That the creator of the minutes uh uh he's doing it half professionally.
(PERSON3) Okay, yeah.
(PERSON8) So this is the person that is uh worki-
So uh uh really worked with minutes creat- as a minutes creator.
And uh uh uh hired for that and paid for that.
Not for our meetings.
But generally.
For other meetings.
And uh uh uh just uh w- uh I'm.
Eager to hear what your h- s- uh evaluation on that.
Could you give me some [PERSON9] please?
(PERSON9) Yeah, okay.
So I will go first.
So the meeting is on topic.
It is grouped. 
It is but to some extent it is too much detailed.
Uh.
That has been manifested over here from the transcript. 
And the uh sometimes uh some not very relevant information has crept in.
In that so which uh which are not very much r- relevant for someone who reads the mi- minutes later.
There were some spelling mistakes.
But those are not very important.
Mmm.
And again, yeah.
So yeah, grammatically inconsistent.
So uh that is not a criteria. 
And uh most importantly some of the sentences like some of the information were redundant.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) Were replicated uh like mi- many times inside the uh minute.
Otherwise it is okay.
But I would uh rate meeting five higher than this. 
(PERSON8) You you have read what?
Sorry?
(PERSON3) Rate.
Score.
(PERSON9) I would rate-
(PERSON8) Uh huh.
(PERSON9) Score meeting five higher than this.
Although it is uh-
(PERSON8) Yes.
Higher than this.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yes I agree.
I had also very similar impression of the meeting.
So redundancy.
And some factual uh mistakes.
And not un- understanding some.
So it-
From some pieces it is clear that the person didn't get the main idea. 
(PERSON3) Superficially, this looks also very good.
Like I haven't read those five uh and eight in detail.
But superficially I would put them on in the same rate.
(PERSON8) Okay.
But let's so look at line forty one, if you look at my screen.
NLP technologies.
And then a big piece of the NLP technologies.
This is not about NLP technologies.
This was o- one of the deliverables.
And there were uh they were discussi-
So one of the deliverable was on the NLP technologies.
And then there were s- four more deliverables.
And uh it's not-
(PERSON3) And actually, yes.
So it's the problem that this is the report uh on uh workshop.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON3) On NLP technologies.
So this-
And uh-
The the title was written like by someone who didn't understand it.
Uh the the a- the annotator actually knew that it is a report on the NLP technologies in some way.
But it's uh uh the report on the workshop.
So I'll search for uh technologies. 
We don't have a review for the report on NLP technologies.
So that is my-
Not so familiar with NLP technologies and the workshop and NLP technologies.
It's probably misunderstanding.
Yeah.
So well, the technologies re- uh appear in the transcript only three times or so.
And uh it never clarifies uh uh. 
Because we all in the meeting know it.
That we are not like discussing NLP technologies.
We are uh discussing the presentation of NLP technologies to lay people.
So it's like a workshop that we prepared.
Workshop on NLP technologies where we are presenting those.
And we are writing a report on the preparations and the content of this workshop.
But that is not said in the uh in the transcript. 
So uh uh it's understandable that t- someone outside from the field does not realize it uh at all.
So it's hard to blame uh the uh person for that lack of background knowledge. 
Uh uh uh I would uh say uh at least like it should it should be report on NLP technologies.
If if the uh annotator said uh uh make the title report on uh uh uh on NLP technologies, then I would be happier with that.
But since it shows just NLP technologies, it is uhm like inappropriate uh summarization.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
And yes.
And one more thing if we look at the distribution of the topics.
Then financial, financial tables a lot of lines.
Report and dissemination, a lot of nine- lines.
But quite uh quite a few about the demo.
That was actually a lot uh uh.
There was a big discussion of the demo.
That which is deflected in the zero five for example.
But it is uh unclear-
(PERSON3) Oh I see a lot of uh points in the demo.
(PERSON8) Uh, maybe here.
Yes.
Maybe.
So this is my just- 
(PERSON9) So uh.
One point is like some very generic discussions uh that were not <unintelligible/>-
(PERSON6) Yeah, mhm.
(PERSON9) Yeah. 
Are there.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
That is the main point about this meeting. 
<unintelligible/> details are mentioned there.
(PERSON3) S- s- sorry uh z- what is the main point?
Uh again speak slower, [PERSON6].
(PERSON9) So it is about the <unintelligible/>-
(PERSON6) Okay uh s- so uh-
The the things which were uh not having much relevance.
They are actually uh bulleted here.
(PERSON3) Okay.
Yeah, so it's too detailed.
(PERSON8) Uh.
Yes.
But m- m-.
Too detailed on the points that me and [PERSON6] considered not the most important of the meeting.
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON8) It doesn't mean that they are not.
But we really agree on this point.
(PERSON3) Mhm.
(PERSON8) It seemed us-
Probably you are not-
Although you have been-
Probably uh w- we are not right.
So it's really interesting thing.
But uh-
So I said that we <laugh/> agree in this point and yeah.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON6) Yeah. 
(PERSON8) Uh. 
(PERSON6) So uh did you did you hear me?
Uh.
(PERSON3) Yes.
(PERSON8) Yes, now we hear you. 
Yeah yeah yeah.
We did hear you.
(PERSON6) Okay, so, yeah.
I was saying uh uh w- I think uh [PERSON9] repeated that.
Uh so I was saying that some things which are not having much relevance are actually listed here.
Uh in this meeting.
So that is I think the biggest drawback about this meeting.
Like everything is mentioned.
Whatever was said.
Everything is mentioned here.
It is more kind of jotting down points rather than minuting.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
Uh.
At the same time I think that this is the ideal where we can uh like uh technically where we could get.
So I think that-
The systems if we manage to put them together.
They will provide either something uh similar to nine.
Which would be bad.
Or something which would be similar to eight.
Which would be already a success.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON6) So-
(PERSON3) I don't expect that we could get any further.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
Nine is something like key word extraction technique.
(PERSON3) Yes.
Yeah.
(PERSON6) So it is extracting key words in <unintelligible/>-
(PERSON3) And pr-
Yeah.
Yeah.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
Uh w- well.
Unfortunately-
Did this was really interesting uh uh me.
And I'm I'm very happy that you did this uh.
I hope that you learned uh uh a lot.
At least it makes the impressiont that you learned a lot about that.
So that's that's great.
Uh.
So I would uh really like to ask [PERSON11] to run this transcript through anything of the shelf.
Uh uh.
And and give us the uh the key words.
The the short bulleted lines.
Uh that will be very useful to the state of the art is uh uh is close enough to number nine.
I actually don't expect that.
But I'm I'm curious.
Maybe it is.
Ma- maybe uh.
Yeah.
And otherwise it's great that you have some opinion on the ranking.
Uh but still uh.
We w- this is a very good starting point <laugh/> for the evaluation.
Uh so that now we can discuss it <unintelligible/>-
(PERSON8) I don't mean it to be final.
I was just thinking about how I evaluate that.
Uh I'm not creating the final table.
Just.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Formalizing what I think.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Uh.
(PERSON3) I think that's- 
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/>
(PERSON3) You did a very good job uh uh uh in uh altogether, all of you.
(PERSON6) We learned a lot actually from this <laugh/> from this exercise.
(PERSON3) Uh.
So.
Well.
I'll I really have to leave.
But the next steps.
What are next steps?
The the formal thing.
Applying for the task.
Working on the data.
Uh and uh for the evaluation.
What are the next steps?
Like how to uh how to proceed with the design of the manual evaluation method?
(PERSON9) Uh.
So.
Uh I have noted down the discussion that we have for each of the minutes.
I will share the doc with all of us.
And then we read through that and then again retrospect what we discussed.
And then we come up.
And then we compare with the uh with the already <unintelligible/> that is already there.
Uh for the various uh manual evaluation metrics.
And then freeze out some of them which we would like okay.
These are recurring.
And this is what we want to see.
In an ideal minute.
And then freeze those <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
And we also need to educate.
I don't really want to say train.
But ideally train annotators to do this.
So there there should be one phase.
It ca- it can come up later.
It can come like in M- May.
Or uh April May.
Uh but this is about the time where in the annotators need to stabilize and understand these criteria.
So that they would be able to assign it in some like with some agreement.
So we we should also measure <unintelligible/> agreement.
(PERSON8) Uh uh [PERSON3] we are working on that.
(PERSON3) Okay.
(PERSON8) But first step is the alignment.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
(PERSON8) So now they're being trained to align.
And <unintelligible/>.
By this step, they will be grown to esti- to evaluate it <unintelligible/> in other-
(PERSON3) Yeah.
That's good.
(PERSON8) Dimensions too.
So it's-
(PERSON3) I agree.
(PERSON8) Really hopeful hopefully it will be but later.
(PERSON3) Mhm, yeah, okay.
Great.
So.
I'm I'm leaving.
And so who who can I make the main host now?
(PERSON8) Make me.
Or [PERSON9]. 
Doesn't matter.
(PERSON3) Yeah.
So I'm I'm making [PERSON8]-
(PERSON8) It's uh it's just important who uh has the recording.
(PERSON3) Yes.
(PERSON8) You have it anyways.
So <laugh/> it doesn't matter.
(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
So thank you very much.
Uh yeah.
Thank you. 
Bye bye. 
(PERSON8) Bye.
Bye.
Thank you.
(PERSON6) Bye.
(PERSON9) Goodbye.
(PERSON8) Uh just uh should we finish with the rest ones?
Uh maybe we will look at the six-
(PERSON9) Yeah, maybe. 
(PERSON8) What do you think about six? 
(PERSON9) Uh.
Minute six.
Oh.
This minute was not good.
(PERSON8) Not good.
Aha <laugh/>.
[PERSON3] had <laugh/> <unintelligible/>.
Had to listen to that.
(PERSON9) Aha.
<laugh/>
This minute is not good because <laugh/> there are some details which are not even there in the transcript.
(PERSON8) Uh, yes.
What do you think these details are?
Do you have any uh-
(PERSON9) Uh.
Okay.
So let's see.
I have noted some points.
(PERSON8) Uh huh.
(PERSON9) <unintelligible/> open that.
Minute six, right?
(PERSON8) What?
(PERSON9) Uh minutes six, right?
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON9) We're talking about minutes six.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON9) Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
So uh for example, uh.
Like it is good because uh the annotator has went beyond what is the reported in the transcript.
Especially of the links.
Like the [ORGANIZATION2] link.
Then the doodle poll link.
So uh yes.
So uh I would say this uh is something that the annotator did uh beyond the scope of the transcript.
It's good.
For <unintelligible/> from that point.
But at the same point.
Like if we like uh the things that are not mentioned in the transcript.
And also <unintelligible/> evaluation uh uh system can't can never do.
So this is only possible for humans to like again go back and uh pull out those details.
And uh okay.
And also. 
Uh I felt that uh some uh unnecessary details.
Like example for the section numbers.
I don't feel that uh those should be part of the part of the minute.
Because uh for someone who was not part of that, it would be really confusing if he is not aware of what is meant by D2.1 and those steps.
So I would say that the annotator has done a good job.
But uh from the point of view if we want to have systems that uh would learn from this uh minute.
Uh the system will be confused.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
Yeah.
Thank you. 
And [PERSON6]?
(PERSON6) Yeah.
Uh.
So uh I totally agree with uh [PERSON9].
So he this is these links are good.
But then uhm.
You know also-
Uh can you notice that some uh some few uh things like after the [ORGANIZATION7].
If you just scroll down.
There is [ORGANIZATION5] and [ORGANIZATION6] it is blank.
So what does that mean?
Like uh.
Did uh they did not mention some point?
About this?
Uh.
So why why are we even why the annotator was actually referring that they didn't mention they did not mention some point?
So i- 
Uh the two are blank.
So it is seeming more like in automatic thing than the uh automatic system can maybe extract that.
But uh human uh- 
It doesn't make sense. 
And uh yeah.
Much information is captured uh if I s- see it from the perspective of coverage.
Uh almost a- all of the things are there.
Uh.
But some irrelevant things are also included.
Which uh might not uh be required.
Uh.
So uh like last week we mailed [PERSON1] to let him now that we are still working to replicate services.
So uh this this this is uh uh the the uh the actually uh this uh uh the sequence is not followed.
Here.
So uh.
What replicated services are we talking about.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I do-
Yeah.
Do you guess what uh for minutes are these? 
Who created it?
(PERSON9) Uh.
(PERSON6) Uh uh <laugh/> y-
[PERSON3]?
(PERSON8) Uh.
These are the original minutes of the meeting.
(PERSON6) Uh huh <laugh/> okay.
(PERSON9) Oh. 
So who created it?
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> 
(PERSON8) Uh he uh so he crea-
He uh [PERSON3] created it.
(PERSON6) Oh I guessed right then.
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
So-
(PERSON8) This is actually the real-
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) Because you know-
Uh huh.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON6) You know why I I guessed that?
Because uh he I think uh because he uh created the minutes because he can find the links easily.
So uh-
(PERSON8) This was actually the real agenda.
Pre-prepared before the meeting.
That was uh full additional information during the meeting.
So as we have our literal remote meetings.
If you you could even find it in the [ORGANIZATION3] Docs.
This was one of the remote meetings.
And now in November.
That you have been taken part o- of.
Are in this same [ORGANIZATION3] document.
So this is we write down before the meeting.
And then uh kind of f- fulfill during the meeting.
And this is mostly [PERSON3] who fulfills it.
Sometimes [PERSON5].
Uh but uh.
So this of course definitely it includes a lot of uh additional information.
Including the links.
Because you just give the people the link.
But it's actually very very nice to know that uh the reaction to that.
So it means we never create uh uh <unintelligible/> well.
Just.
Uh it's not automatically processible <laugh/> such kind of minutes.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON8) It's really not processi-
So it really includes information that is not in the transcript.
It is bad.
Cannot be so. 
(PERSON9) Yeah.
If you don't have something on the transcript.
Uh like for information it is impossible to have.
(PERSON8) Yes, definitely.
It is not.
Well.
Okay.
I think we are almost done.
So we uh discussed the are-
So uh [PERSON9]'s minutes last time.
I don't think we have to go to the uh-
<unintelligible/>
Reasonably uh.
Uh.
Evaluated.
We didn't look at number four. 
Uh I just separated it to the lines.
Because uh I wanted to uh align it.
Uh.
So as for me the minutes number four are uh very good from the point of view of uh uh correctness. 
And uh so-
Really uh now I'm speaking about four. 
Uh so.
(PERSON9) Mhm.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON8) From the point of view of content they are correct.
So everything that is written there uh has been discussed.
And this be-
The correct relevance and topicality.
So it's really uh it's can be seem that the person who re- wro- writes it understands what uh is going on.
Uh.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON8) Uh and and-
(PERSON6) But I think uh the same problem as my minute had.
Uh this minute has the same problem.
That not much details are mentioned.
Uh like uh there are some missing things.
Like I did not like- 
It is highly abstracted.
Like.
Uh.
So not much details are covered here as well.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
What else is there.
So.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
Yeah.
That is one thing.
(PERSON8) So I would say it could be usable.
Uh that you read uh this text.
These are not actually minutes.
These are a kind of uh a kind of text.
You read this text.
And understand what was going on at the meeting.
And go to the transcript and find this places in transcript.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
Though readability is very good in this minute.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON6) It is uh-
You ca-
With the flow. 
So you an easily read and understand.
So whatever is returned, it is returned perfectly.
And quite uh.
Anyone can understand it.
So understandability and readability I I would call 5 like full full.
Uh but uh then some uh some topics are missing actually.
(PERSON8) Yes.
So yeah.
Actua-
(PERSON9) Yeah.
So-
Uh so-
One uh.
So one important thing that I felt as part of minuting.
Is to have two things.
That what has been done.
And what is to be done.
(PERSON6) Yes.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) So.
Uh picking out action points.
Picking out action points along with the general discussion of what has been done earlier.
In case of this technical meeting.
So again.
Meetings have different objectives.
But for [PROJECT1] uh the uh meetings are mostly okay.
So uh during the past month the this has been done.
And this we need to do for the coming days.
These two questions are very important.
That what has been done.
And the general discussion of wh- about that.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) And more most importantly.
What are the action points that come from the meeting.
Uh that has to be performed.
<unintelligible/> specifically.
So yeah.
So w- uh like m- uh like uh when I did minu-
Did it uh manually.
So my objective was to like uh w- whoever is not there uh should understand that what are the actions point next.
And also uh for the- and also for uh follow <unintelligible/> uh structure.
So that it is easier for the uh annotators to align.
So with this uh maybe two objectives I did the minuting.
But I definitely missed two uh like group them into topic.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Yes.
Yes.
Mhm.
Well it's really.
(PERSON9) For minute four.
(PERSON6) So-
(PERSON9) So from minute four the action points are not really visible.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
Yeah.
And even can you see one thing.
Uh that minute nine.
Which was the most worst minute.
It d- did the only thing that I felt good about it was that they have uh the the annotator has actually mentioned milestones.
And summary. 
So this did two-
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
(PERSON6) <laugh/> things are good about that meeting.
Only that thing is good.
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
Well-
(PERSON6) You know what to do.
(PERSON8) No dissemination happened.
It's true actually. 
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) Yeah.
So you know what to do next, right?
So in in uh the summary's there.
So this is quite good distinction.
(PERSON8) Mhm.
Well.
Okay.
So I think we have uh we have mentioned a lot of things. 
Probably uh we can stop here.
And if [PERSON9] you would be so kind-
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Uh to send us the uh what you have written down.
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON8) Thank you very much.
And I think we can stop for t-
(PERSON9) Maybe like I le-
(PERSON8) Mhm?
(PERSON9) Yeah.
I did a very bad minuting for today's meeting.
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
(PERSON9) So I <laugh/> <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON9) Uh like uh <laugh/>.
<unintelligible/>
Understandable <unintelligible/> format.
(PERSON8) I think I think you could very successfully complete it with program that would create the bullet points.
But let's see.
<laugh/>
(PERSON9) Okay.
Okay.
So I will take- hour or so.
I I I will prepare it finally and then share with.
(PERSON8) Thank you very much.
Well I and I thank you very much for the evaluations and for the big work you have done.
So we really went kind of deeper into the uh uh the contents.
And from different sides.
It was very interesting-
That [PERSON3] is a participant participant of the meeting.
And understood the lines totally differently than I did.
(PERSON6) Yes.
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) And there was also kind of difference between how me and [PERSON6] understood versus what [PERSON9] did and took out of it.
It was also very informative for me.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON9) Mhm.
(PERSON8) So for me I also got uh that I understood l- less.
Really.
Uh I'm not so much in many topics.
Maybe I'm not so good in English.
I don't know.
But anyway really maybe I'm slow in audio or uh uh I don't understanding the audio and understanding many people speaking within uh with each other.
But y- I really uh uh m- reading their summaries.
I got I I understood that I was worse than most of annotators.
So I me-
So I wouldn't do it better.
(PERSON6) Which was your minute [PERSON8]?
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) I didn't put it <laugh/> there.
(PERSON6) Oh oh oh <laugh/>.
So we cannot see-
(PERSON9) So we cannot see that.
Which was [PERSON6]'s?
Which was [PERSON6]'s?
(PERSON6) Yeah, third one.
My third one.
We discussed, no? 
Third one.
Yes.
Mine was third one.
(PERSON8) And actually uh kind of mine was this seven one.
Uh but uh the idea was my idea was to create very bad minutes.
Uh bu- uh I actually-
(PERSON6) Mmm.
(PERSON8) <unintelligible/> So the idea was to uh make something bad that we could convert to something good.
But when I got this nine and I decided-
(PERSON9) So you did minutes seven?
(PERSON8) I did seven.
But uh I didn't try to make it exhaustive.
I really wanted to uh-
But not really wanted, but.
Uh.
(PERSON9) [PERSON8]?
You did-
(PERSON8) Uh.
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON8) Did you hear me?
(PERSON9) Okay.
Mhm.
Yeah.
(PERSON8) It seemed like delay.
Well I began to make seven.
But then I got nine.
And I decided to put nine instead of my seven.
(PERSON9) Mhm.
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON8) <laugh/>
(PERSON9) Okay.
Okay.
Wonderful.
So uh.
F- for tomorrow's for tomorrow's meeting uh uh we should uh.
The idea is to analyze today's discussion with respect to the manual evaluation measures that are already there in the doc.
And then try to come up with your views.
And maybe tomorrow we need to freeze out that which should be there in the uh as a <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON6) Uh but wh- one more thing that uh uh w- once we see that automatic thing, we can come up with more evaluation uh measures.
Like-
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON6) Not evaluation measures.
But uh things which which can uh occur in in evaluating.
Because anyhow we have to evaluate the shared task minutes, right?
So-
(PERSON8) Uh well it's not real <unintelligible/> not definite definite <unintelligible/>.
But [PERSON11], are you there?
(PERSON11) Yes, I'm here.
(PERSON8) Uh.
Uh.
When could you prepare all these bullet points?
Uh automatically created?
(PERSON11) I don't know.
It may take a lot of time.
Because they don't provide the code, so.
There is a lot of reverse engineering effort to do that.
(PERSON8) Uh.
Well.
Okay.
When just say us when it happens.
So it really w-
(PERSON9) Okay.
So-
(PERSON8) <unintelligible/> 
Definitely. 
(PERSON9) Mhm.
Okay.
So thank you.
So let us meet tomorrow.
Same time.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON9) Please take care.
(PERSON8) Thank you very much. 
Mhm.
(PERSON9) Bye bye.
(PERSON8) And you too.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON9) Goodbye.
You too.
Bye bye.
